Add troubleshooting entry for Nix issue on macOS (#1075)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/guides/troubleshooting.md

This may mean you are trying to import a too large file or directory into the [Nix store](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/stable/glossary#gloss-store), or your machine is running out of resources, such as disk space or memory.

Try to reduce the size of the directory to import, or run [garbage collection](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/stable/command-ref/nix-collect-garbage).

> ## Darwin update breaks Nix installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## macOS update breaks Nix installation
```

> This is a known [issue](https://github.com/NixOS/nix/issues/3616). Add the following code snippet to the end of the configuration file `/etc/zshrc` and restart the shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a [known issue](https://github.com/NixOS/nix/issues/3616).
The [Nix installer](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/latest/installation/installing-binary) modifies `/etc/zshrc`.
When macOS is updated, it will typically overwrite `/etc/zshrc` again.

As a workaround, add the following code snippet to the end of `/etc/zshrc` and restart the shell:
```
